---
title: "Focus on Product design, Branding and Coding. I am passionate about technology, consumer products and Web3."
excerpt: "A full-stack designer dedicated to web3 product construction, worked in Amazon, Iqiyi and Ziroom, mainly engaged in experience design, brand design, creative design and project management.Currently working on courses related to computer science and web development, and trying to become a design engineer to understand design implementation and innovation from a development perspective."
coverImage: "/assets/blog/icons/covers.png"
date: "2024-04-21T05:35:07.322Z"
author:
  myRole: ' '
  category: ' '
  status: ' '
ogImage:
  url: "/assets/blog/icons/covers.png"
---

A full-stack designer dedicated to web3 product construction, worked in Amazon, Iqiyi and Ziroom, mainly engaged in experience design, brand design, creative design and project management.

Currently working on courses related to computer science and web development, and trying to become a design engineer to understand design implementation and innovation from a development perspective.

#### [hi@moonchou.com](mailto:hi@moonchou.com)
#### [resume](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13vOYtuMB0nu15BjkU5wjZBZIVcFQmALg/view?usp=sharing)

# Experience

## 84% Design Lab - Beijing & Salt Lake City
#### English learning in Stratford International School, KL Malaysia.

July 2022 - Present 

Founder/ Product Designer/ Brand Designer/ Project Manager, Web3


#### Contributed to client projects at various stages between concept and production. Designed new products, design systems, brands, visuals, and project management.

#### Branding, marketing, product UI/UX design and project management support for decentralized social products "Weplant" and "halo", decentralized gaming platforms "[Openbets](https://twitter.com/Openbets_gaming)" and "[omibet.io](https://twitter.com/Omibet_official)".

Clients:TikTok(China), PROYA, Terra Taipei, XPACE, Omibet,OpenBets, Fan-Xing Education, Novic, WePlanet, Shawn Capital, Depott.

09.2023 - 02.2024 As a design engineer, responsible for design optimization and front-end implementation.

Stack: React, Next.JS, TypeScript, TailwindCSS and Framer Motion.

&nbsp;

## Ziroom - Beijing, CN
Aug 2019 - Jun 2022
Senior Creative Designer/ Senior Experience Designer


#### Designed ToC creative design and ToB product design, management, and design visual design systems.
Management and design Ziroon Illustration component system 0-1

Management and design Ziroon 3D component system 0-1

Design Experience measurement system - Ziroom Echo platform


&nbsp;

## Amazon - Beijing, CN
Oct 2018 - May 2019
Visual design intern, Global Project Services

#### Involved in visual design and production for China market and global projects.
Visual design of the "Amazon Goddess Festival" and "Amazon New Year's Goods Festival" activities

The creative design of the Alexa ring won the "Amazon Kudos" medal

The Crucible game player account icon design and Alexa at CES 2019 poster design

&nbsp;

## IQIYI - Beijing, CN

Jun 2018 - Sep 2018

User experience design intern, VIP User Product Center

#### Optimize the VIP user experience and establish a design and development collaboration mechanism.

Experience upgrading the video interface, optimizing the information level, and guiding symbols

Responsible for the grayscale and online acceptance of membership pages

Establish a collaborative mechanism to shorten the development landing cycle


# Education

## College of Art and Design, Hankou University, Wuhan, CN
Sep 2015 - July 2019

#### Bachelor of Fine Arts in Product Design, with emphasis in Industrial design.


# Achievements

Speaker [Ziroom 3D component system](https://youtu.be/MEHpQt3elO0) in Ziroom Design Week 2021

Speaker [Ziroom illustration component system](https://youtu.be/9Mf6pwmsiec) in Ziroom Design Week 2020

National Scholarships for the 2018 academic year

# Other Skills

## Programming
Proficient in CSS, HTML, Markdown, and Tailwind CSS

Familiar with JavaScript, React, Next.JS, Framer Motion
